documents filtering (#285)
meilisearch/documentation: references/search.md

| **filters**               | attribute with an exact match                      |     none      |
| **matches**               | whether to return the raw matches or not           |     false     |

> > `filters` accept a query string. More [here](/guides/advanced_guides/filtering)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `filters` accept a query string. You can find about the filter syntax on [our dedicated page](/guides/advanced_guides/filtering).
```
